today we're metal detecting in a
the guy gave us permission to come out
here and poke around a little bit older
house
and an old town has a lot of history
behind it this is just a little white
farmhouse smolder trees around it and
whatnot you'll see what we can find
you
all right Travis has a good hit here
okay we started digging up a little find
here this young man helped us out and it
looks like it's a glass jar with some
coins in it we're gonna dig it up I
study what is like a key in there too
you see
yeah there is better probably a lockbox
of the mother treasure around here open
it up see what they are it's wrath no
they new or old though I'm over there on
that one
let's lay them out over here get a
picture
go see we got thank you so my my gosh
careful here that's a barber day that is
oh boy nice little coin find here lots
of silver in there 36 yeah 6436 careful
don't map don't worry
good fine with the Garrett 80 Pro nice
work what's today April April 11th
beautiful day out today probably about
65 degrees maybe we need to find what
that key goes to yeah yeah you get the
other metal detector and stick him on it
you know we go via the LM L tiger
those two what's it say it says
silhouette on it
so maybe there's a lockbox here with
some real money in it
Samsonite Samsonite so this goes to a
suitcase so we need to find a buried
suitcase yup for it yeah all right all
right
dumping out the find trolling motor is
very handy behind you there and it looks
like there's a nothing really too old
baby 660 for some silver for sure yeah
quite a few silver dimes several silver
quarter II that's going through these
are obviously silver where's that one
I'm going to tell by looking at it is
look at that kind of barber dime what
year is that
44 44 44 barber dime several silver
quarters and silver dimes several wheat
pennies and then everything here is
older than the seventies I think there's
anything in there that's in the 80s even
at least you know you could at least
kind of tell when it was buried we got a
little over a dollar right here and
pennies that are open from the 60s then
we have how many one of 44 cents and
wheat pennies wheat pennies then we have
well doing a little research and trying
to find out what these silver quarters
and dimes and least a handful of silver
cord yeah a couple bucks they're
probably probably just face value you're
probably at well usually for four or
five dollars total maybe but if you
consider the value of the silver this is
the minimum two dollars and seventy
cents
these are 550 or so silver value so you
might be looking at
nine times five I might be 50 went you
might be have $75 or more in silver
value right there good fine that'll go
towards your 80 Pro metal detector pin
and off they ended off nice work
you